README.md, before:

# Portfolio of projects 💻
### This portfolio was created to follow my evolution as a web developer 📘. These projects are the reason for all my learning, and they have greatly improved my skills in HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Git, and I am extremely grateful to FreeCodeCamp and The Odin Project for teaching me so much for free. 👨‍💻
### Below are the projects, listed based on the courses I have taken during my dev journey.

> The projects are listed chronologically (oldest to newest) ⌛

> *ind - independent projects 

> *rp - most relevant projects

## Responsive Web Design, FreeCodeCamp - started: jul 2021
- [Tribute Page 🦼](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Tribute-Page) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Tribute-Page/)
- [Survey Form ✔️](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Survey-Form) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Survey-Form/)
- [Pokémon Wiki 📑](https://github.com/jv-aquino/pokemon-wiki) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/pokemon-wiki/) ***ind**
- [Product Landing Page 🌳](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Product-Landing-Page) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Product-Landing-Page/) ***rp**
- [Technical Documentation 🧾](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Technical-Documentation-Page) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Technical-Documentation-Page/)
- [Personal Portfolio 👨‍💼](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Personal-Portfolio) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Personal-Portfolio/)
- [Quinhentismo 📝](https://github.com/jv-aquino/quinhentismo) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/quinhentismo/) ***ind** ***rp**

## Foundation, The Odin Project - started: jan 2022
- [Recipes 👩‍🍳](https://github.com/jv-aquino/odin-recipes) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/odin-recipes/)
- [Pop Sneakers 👟](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Odin-Landing-Page) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Odin-Landing-Page/)
- [Rock Paper Scissors ✂](https://github.com/jv-aquino/rock-paper-scissors) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/rock-paper-scissors/) 
- [Databases 👨‍💻](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Banco-de-Dados) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Banco-de-Dados/) ***ind**
- [Etch-a-Sketch ✏](https://github.com/jv-aquino/etch-a-sketch) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/etch-a-sketch/) ***rp**
- [Calculator ➕➖](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Calculator) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Calculator/) ***rp**

## Full Stack Javascript, The Odin Project - started: jun 2022
- [Sign-up Form 📝](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Sign-up-Form) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Sign-up-Form/)
- [Admin Dashboard 🦜](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Admin-Dashboard) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Admin-Dashboard/)
- [Library 📚](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Library) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Library/)
- [Tic-Tac-Toe ❌⭕](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Tic-Tac-Toe) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Tic-Tac-Toe/)
- [Restaurant Page 🍽](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Restaurant-Page/) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Restaurant-Page/dist/)
- [Todo List 📆](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Todo-List) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Todo-List/)
- [Arduino JS 🤖](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Arduino-Javascript) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Arduino-Javascript/)

Commit message:

+ add internship section and project

README.md, after:

# Portfolio of projects 💻
### This portfolio was created to follow my evolution as a web dev 📘. These projects taught me a lot, and they have greatly improved my skills in HTML, CSS / Tailwind, JavaScript and Git, and I am extremely grateful to FreeCodeCamp and The Odin Project for teaching me so much for free. 👨‍💻
### Below are the projects, listed based on the courses I have taken during my dev journey.

> The projects are listed chronologically (oldest to newest) ⌛

> *ind - independent projects 

> *rp - most relevant projects

## Responsive Web Design, FreeCodeCamp - started: jul 2021
- [Tribute Page 🦼](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Tribute-Page) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Tribute-Page/)
- [Survey Form ✔️](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Survey-Form) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Survey-Form/)
- [Pokémon Wiki 📑](https://github.com/jv-aquino/pokemon-wiki) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/pokemon-wiki/) ***ind**
- [Product Landing Page 🌳](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Product-Landing-Page) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Product-Landing-Page/) ***rp**
- [Technical Documentation 🧾](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Technical-Documentation-Page) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Technical-Documentation-Page/)
- [Personal Portfolio 👨‍💼](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Personal-Portfolio) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Personal-Portfolio/)
- [Quinhentismo 📝](https://github.com/jv-aquino/quinhentismo) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/quinhentismo/) ***ind** ***rp**

## Foundation, The Odin Project - started: jan 2022
- [Recipes 👩‍🍳](https://github.com/jv-aquino/odin-recipes) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/odin-recipes/)
- [Pop Sneakers 👟](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Odin-Landing-Page) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Odin-Landing-Page/)
- [Rock Paper Scissors ✂](https://github.com/jv-aquino/rock-paper-scissors) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/rock-paper-scissors/) 
- [Databases 👨‍💻](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Banco-de-Dados) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Banco-de-Dados/) ***ind**
- [Etch-a-Sketch ✏](https://github.com/jv-aquino/etch-a-sketch) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/etch-a-sketch/) ***rp**
- [Calculator ➕➖](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Calculator) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Calculator/) ***rp**

## Full Stack Javascript, The Odin Project - started: jun 2022
- [Sign-up Form 📝](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Sign-up-Form) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Sign-up-Form/)
- [Admin Dashboard 🦜](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Admin-Dashboard) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Admin-Dashboard/)
- [Library 📚](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Library) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Library/) ***rp**
- [Tic-Tac-Toe ❌⭕](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Tic-Tac-Toe) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Tic-Tac-Toe/)
- [Restaurant Page 🍽](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Restaurant-Page/) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Restaurant-Page/dist/)
- [Todo List 📆](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Todo-List) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Todo-List/) ***rp**
- [Arduino JS 🤖](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Arduino-Javascript) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Arduino-Javascript/) ***ind** ***rp**

## FEG Internship - started: nov 2022
- [Transparência de Compras 🛍](https://github.com/jv-aquino/Transparencia-Compras) - [view](https://jv-aquino.github.io/Transparencia-Compras/) ***rp**
